1)  Explain in your own words what is load balancing.
    Load balancing is the process of balancing out traffic (the "load") between the available resources such that one single 
    resource is not overloaded beyond capacity. Load balancing can also help in the event that one or more nodes falls by redirecting 
    traffic from those nodes to other available nodes while they recuperate

2)  Explain advantages of using a load balancer within an application architecture.
    You can increase your throughput and decrease response time by redirecting traffic to the appropriate instance. 

3)  Explain the role of a load balancer plays in a CICD setup.
    You can distribute the CI/CD tasks to multiple resources instead of being bottlenecked 

4)  What is SSL termination?
    The decryption of https traffic 

5)  In typical setups application architecture where is SSL termination implemented? Why?
    As part of the load balancer. The load balancer can decrypt all https traffic and deny any invalid requests from ever
    reaching the application server 

6)  Explain what is monitoring and why is it needed?
    Periodic checks of an applications state; needed to ensure a seamless user experience 

7)  Autoscaling is a feature where number of application instances areincreased/decreased automatically. 
With this understanding explain the following statement:
"Autoscaling of any PaaS is made possible only by the existence of a monitoring solution and a load balancing solution."
    Autoscaling exists because monitoring gives real-time info about things such as how many instances are running, the amount of traffic, 
    the amount of requests per minute, and the location of traffic. Load balancing can take this information and create/destroy/re-allocate resources 
    to properly match the needs of the application based on the information taken from the monitoring solution 


8)  Explain what all things you might want to monitor in your assignment 3?
    The amount of requests, the status of the application server, SQL instance, GCP vm instance 

    