1.  Explain the purpose of Libvirt.
Libvirt is a Python library for virtualizing OSes (domains) on machines (hosts).
Libvirt contains functions that allow you to get the status/info of hosts/domains and manage domains. 

2.  Answer True or False:
-  When working with S3 one can leverage built-in S3 mechanisms to control simultaneous access to an S3 object from 
-  concurrent clients.
False 

-  When working with S3 it is the responsibility of application developer to define any inter-key relationships 
-  that may be needed by the application.
True 

-  IPv4 addresses are conceptually broken into <Network Number, Host Number>. The Network Mask is 
-  used to extract Network number from an IP address by defining the number of lower order bits from the IP 
-  address that should be considered for retrieving the Network Number.
False 

-  In consistent hashing object key is rehashed when a node joins/leaves.
False 

-  Strongly consistent systems have inconsistency window of size 0.
True 

3. Explain what does it mean when SLA for a system is defined to be 99.8th percentile at a given latency value (say, 300 ms).
Out of 1000 requests, only 2 of them will take > 300 ms 

4. What is the idea behind UserData in Amazon EC2. Explain some of its uses.

5. What are some of the reasons that Node partitions may occur in a data center.
To have availability of objects in case a particular node fails, so data is not lost and can always be served 

6. When we talk about Node partitions in context of the CAP theorem, are these partitions known to us before hand?
Yes 

7. What is the Hinted Handoff technique in Dynamo?
A replica of an object O is sent to another node B in the event that a node A crashes. O contains information or 'hints' as to who 
the original requester/intended recipient A of the object O was. In the event that the intended recipient comes back up, B sends O 
to A and can delete his replica 

8. For the following applications explain whether the data storage system needs to provide strong consistency, or 
  if eventual consistency is sufficient:
-  Social media feeds
eventual 

-  Bank transactions
strong 

-  Weather data collection system
eventual 

-  Domain Name system (DNS)
eventual 

9. Explain how get() and put() operations work in Dynamo.

10. What are some of the advantages of using Virtual Machines?

11. Based on your experience of assignment1 and assignment2, identify best practices for developing programs that 
    interact with cloud-based systems?

12. Give values of N, R, W that will give following characteristics to a storage system:
-  Always writeable (inconsistencies resolved at read time)
-  Always readable 
-  Strong consistency